I'm Sangeeta. I've been working over 10 years as a software QA engineer. I have very good experience in both manual and automation testing. So when it comes to the automation testing, I'm well versed working with the web applications test automation as well as the API test automation. Also, I worked on the mobile apps test automation as well. So I have experience in developing the automation frameworks using selenium, WebDriver, test Ng, Maven and Jenkins. And also, I have very good experience in writing the automation scripts with cucumber, BDD and also Cypress and Web Driver IO, which is a JavaScript based test automation I worked with the some of our Node js stack applications and terms of the databases. Very good experience with my sequel and Microsoft SQL. I'm well versed with writing the SQL queries, not very complex, but whatever required for the testing purposes. Yeah, I'm very good at writing those and in terms of the general testing. So I also involved in creating the test strategy documents and test planning documents, and then 
working on agile environment, 
you know, meeting the the deadlines and also right working on the iterative religious etc. So 
and also our applications are heavily backed by microservices which are basically like event which are event driven systems, like we have the events that trigger, and the messages will be, you know, dropped to the the asynchronous views, and they will be processed by the the scheduled jobs. And also, we have the some of the messages that are real time as soon as the event is triggered. So the messages will basically be processed by our back end systems like micro services, and then they will do the transaction. So all these things, I am pretty good 
experienced, And 
yep, that's that's pretty much about Me. You. You 
you Yeah, I so if you talk about the task automation framework, yes, I worked on that. So are you? Are you? 
Are you looking for? 
Yeah, so Tosca, I used basically for the API's automation. So it basically, you know, I worked on in the ERP based applications like Salesforce, 
so where we have the 
few components in Tosca, like you can use the 
Tosca commander for creating the tests. Like you can design, manage and run the test using the Tosca commander, and also you have the modules where you can model your application screens, the APIs and controls. So there we actually designed the test cases, like the data driven test cases, using the test case design feature in the Tosca, and then we run these tests in the Tosca interface. Or you can even integrate them with the CICD like Jenkins you can integrate with that you 
so generally for web 
for web applications automation, we have an inbuilt automation framework built using selenium, WebDriver. I also worked on Cypress, as I said before, on the other project, which is a JavaScript based project. So Cypress, selenium, WebDriver, or the tool. And for APIs test automation, we are using postman for manual verification, and we have a rest assured with Java programming language For API's test automation. I 
yeah, for the new user registration, I can first check with the what all the fields that are available for the registration, like the first name, last name, user, email and the other details, like phone number, etc. So I would actually do the boundary value analysis, like, what are the values that are accepting by each field? Accordingly, I will test them. Where around the boundaries? Let's say if you have a 50 characters limit, then I will check giving the input with 50 characters, 49 characters and 51 characters like that. And also we do the equivalence partitioning, where we can divide the given tests into the different partitions equally, and then we verify that it covers all the different scenarios, like we can check the, you know, the back end response, how it is presenting to the user. Is it presenting in a readable manner, or is it exposing any of the hidden details, like secrets, etc, I will verify. I also verify the proper error response, sorry, proper successful message. Sorry, I also verify the successful response, and I will verify the invalid response, like providing the invalid details for the data and verifying any special characters are allowed or not allowed all these cases. And also, once the user is registered, I will check in the back end whether the user details are actually persisted in the database or not. Yeah. And also, we'll check any issues that are coming with respect to the like networks, I can test this user registration application behind the let's say, firewall, office firewalls, and also on the regular Network, like that Internet. I and it 
you know, particular area so okay, if it is to test the backend APIs, yes, I worked on rest issued with Java. So using Rest assured, you can make the API calls to the HTTP API's, and then we can verify the response, for example, if you are making a call to this registration API, which is doing all these complex validations behind and then we verify the response that is coming back, which is like a JSON response. And we have a tool called JSON parser in Java, I can use the JSON parser to pass the response and then validate the necessary fields, and then we can use the assertion library for asserting the required fields how the correct value is present In the response. So that's How I generally do You those 
Guys. Yes, so we are we done this crash platform verification, but we majorly use the API's to call these other services. For example, if you want to verify something from the Splunk, Splunk actually has the API's for getting the locks, and we call that, and then we get the response, and we verify the the locks accordingly, and similarly, if you want, if you have, if you have, integrations for the Kafka So, using the Kafka APIs, we can retrieve the messages from Kafka, and then we can verify them accordingly. So yes, I have the experience on that. 
Yes, 
yeah. So the thing is, if the APIs are not available, we can mock. We can mock, but mocking is okay for if you are testing the integration piece of it, but if you want to see the end to end system level testing. So in the system testing, we generally don't do mocking. So in that case, if the APIs are not available, then we can actually use the UI interface like we can actually open the Kafka UI, and then we can see the messages there. That's the another alternate you 
okay, if there, if there is no, okay, if there is no then we can connect to the Kafka stream through program like Kafka has a SDK. We can use its SDK and we can connect to the Kafka stream to read the messages. I 
Yes, not Kafka, but I worked on the rabbit MQ And SQS. 
I do 70% Automation and 30% manual. I 
no Tosca is basically like a 
very comprehensive framework, I would say, rather than Selenium. Selenium is just like a library and all the other things like, you know, test data management or are not for testing itself, you need to rely on the external, third party libraries. And hence any framework you built out of selenium which is very volatile and it is more error prone unless you carefully design right, whereas Tosca is like a commercial platform which contains all of the IDE kind of setup where you have everything in place, you just need to, know, connect your applications, and then you can design the test cases and all using the Tosca interface. So Tosca is more user friendly, and it also less less complex, I would say in terms of that. And also, Tosca has integrations with various other tools, like, as I said, the ERP tools, like Salesforce, and also it can automate the mobile apps, API's desktop apps, as well as the web applications. Whereas selenium can only automate web applications, i 
in terms of test automation, I generally create the new test cases which we have the tickets for, like the regression tests as well as the acceptance test. And we also take care of nightly automation. Runs through CI and then we verify those results. If there is any issues, we debug, and then we fix the issues. If there is any in the test harness, but issues we will fix, or if it is a bug, we will raise the bug and and similarly, we also do the future testing, like we do the manual testing of the new features that are actually been developing. 
And also, once that new feature is 
implemented, we actually plan for the automation, and also we create the test plans and test documents for the releases we plan for release I involve in release planning, and I involved in the scrum meetings, like different ceremonies of Scrum, like sprint plannings, retrospective, backlog reviews, etc. Also i i will involve in any of the 
no test plans are majorly for 
test plans are majorly for our releases automation. 
Test Plans we generally create for release automation as well as for the release. So if we have some release which is actually been due in the two months time. So we create the test plan, and we include, what are all the things that are in scope and what are out scope, and what the things we are testing through automation, and what's the things we are not covering through automation, and what are all the team members involving in this release testing, and is there any, is there any challenges, or is there any, is there any risks, and how we are going to mitigate those risks, and also any strategies we have, And what's the test strategy we are following for completing the testing? All these things we generally now include as part of the test planning. 
That's for religious you. 
So during the sprint, I generally work on, as I said, Before writing the new test cases, writing the new test automation scripts, and also maintaining the test automation framework, like creating the reusable functions or fixing any of the existing ones and troubleshooting the automation failures and coordinating with the other team members. And if there is any blockers, I will actually try to resolve them, and also I will guide the other team members. 
And apart from that, I'll 
I also do the in sprint testing. Like any new features we have in the sprint, we test them. So these are all the things I do in a daily basis. I 
Yep, You 
so a more than three times what it is like. You want to see more than three orders? Basically, 
more than three orders. Okay. 
Okay, sure. So we generally, as you said, there is a order ID in the customer table, so which is like a foreign key. So I can just query the query the customer table, like select Customer ID, comma, 
count of order ID 
from customer 
group by customer ID, 
and having the count of order ID, which is greater than three, So 
I Yep, You Okay? 
Is Challenges. 
I Yes, I 
yeah, I just want to know Like, what is the current 
state of automation in This project? 
What's the tools We are using? So 
information processing. I 
